Features : Add support for renaming and deprecating (#163)
devcontainers/spec: proposals/features-legacyIds-deprecated-properties.md

Goal: Adds support for renaming and deprecating a Feature.

Adding two new properties to the [devcontainer-feature.json](../docs/specs/devcontainer-features.md#devcontainer-featurejson-properties) 👇 

# 1. legacyIds

| Property | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `legacyIds` | array | Defaults to `[]`. Array of old IDs used to publish this Feature. The property is useful for renaming a currently published Feature within a single namespace. |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Steps to rename a Feature
```

> - The [source code](../docs/specs/features-distribution/#source-code) can be changed to a new name along with [devcontainer-feature.json properties](../docs/specs/devcontainer-features.md#devcontainer-featurejson-properties) (like `id`, `name`, `documentationURL`).

Reviewer: I know this is just the proposal, but when added into the spec, it would be cool to have a step-by-step guide on how to do this, like so:

```suggestion
1. Update the Feature [source code](../docs/specs/features-distribution/#source-code) folder and [devcontainer-feature.json properties](../docs/specs/devcontainer-features.md#devcontainer-featurejson-properties) to reflect the updated `id`. Other properties (`name`, `documentationUrl`, etc.) can optionally be updated during this step.
2. Add or update the `legacyIds` property to the Feature, including the previously used `id`.
3. Rerun the `devcontainer features publish` command, or equivalent tool that implements the [Features distribution specification](../docs/specs/features-distribution/#distribution)  
```

> - The [distribution tools](../docs/specs/features-distribution/#distribution) like [Dev Container CLI](https://github.com/devcontainers/cli) and [Dev Container Publish GitHub Action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/dev-container-publish) will dual publish the old `id`s (which is defined by the `legacyIds` property) and the new `id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [tools implementing the Dev Container Features Distribution Specification](../docs/specs/features-distribution/#distribution) (eg: [Dev Container CLI](https://github.com/devcontainers/cli) and [Dev Container Publish GitHub Action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/dev-container-publish)) will dual publish the old `id`s (defined by the `legacyIds` property), and the new `id`.
```

 
 ### Supporting tools
 
This property can be used by the supporting tools to indicate Feature rename in few ways 
 - [Dev Container Publish GitHub Action](https://github.com/devcontainers/action) which auto-generates the README files can add a note with a list of old `id`s which were used to publish this Feature.
 -  In the scenarios where Dev Configs are referencing the old `id`s,  the VS Code extension hints could be enhanced to deliver this warning that the `id` was renamed to a new one.
- The [containers.dev/features](https://containers.dev/features) website, and [supporting tools](https://containers.dev/supporting) like [VS Code Dev Containers](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers) and [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces) wouldn't list the old `id`, instead list the new `id` of Features.
 
# 2. deprecated

> 

Reviewer: In this case, should the source code for a deprecated Feature stay in the `src` directory (or whichever directory the user uses for their source code).

Even though it's deprecated, if I were to increment the version number, would a new version be published (ie: Is this property just for display purposes, or will it change the behavior of the publish command?

Author: Makes sense, updated the spec

2. Add or update the `legacyIds` property to the Feature, including the previously used `id`.
3. Bump the semantic version of the Feature.  
4. Rerun the `devcontainer features publish` command, or equivalent tool that implements the [Features distribution specification](../docs/specs/features-distribution/#distribution).

### Example: Renaming a Feature

Let's say we currently have a `docker-from-docker` Feature 👇 

Current `devcontainer-feature.json` : 

```jsonc
{
    "id": "docker-from-docker",
    "version": "2.0.1",
    "name": "Docker (Docker-from-Docker)",
    "documentationURL": "https://github.com/devcontainers/features/tree/main/src/docker-from-docker",
    ....
}
```

We'd want to rename this Feature to `docker-outside-of-docker`. The source code folder of the Feature will be updated to `docker-outside-of-docker` and the updated `devcontainer-feature.json` will look like 👇 

```jsonc
{
    "id": "docker-outside-of-docker",

>     "version": "2.0.2",

Author: Good catch, thanks!

 -  In the scenarios where Dev Configs are referencing the old `id`s,  the VS Code extension hints could be enhanced to deliver this warning that the `id` was renamed to a new one.
- The [containers.dev/features](https://containers.dev/features) website, and [supporting tools](https://containers.dev/supporting) like [VS Code Dev Containers](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers) and [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces) wouldn't list the old `id`, instead list the new `id` of Features.
 
# 2. deprecated

| Property | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `deprecated` | boolean | Defaults to `false`. Indicates that the Feature is deprecated, and will not receive any further updates/support. |

- If this property is set to `true`, then it indicates that the Feature is deprecated and won't be receiving any further updates/support. The OCI artifacts would exist, hence, the current dev configs will continue to work.

> - `devcontainer features publish` command, or equivalent tool that implements the [Features distribution specification](../docs/specs/features-distribution/#distribution) will be modified to skip publishing the Features with `deprecated:true`.

Reviewer 2: I suggest to still publish it when its version is updated. Often times feature authors might stop updating deprecated features, but we should still allow for important (e.g., security) updates.
